<p align="justify"> Concerning the genre of the movie, documentary, horror, mystery, and war movies are good opportunities. If you want to earn money and also have a good rating with a low budget, you should concentrate only on documentaries. If your goal is to earn money with a low budget, documentary, horror, and mystery genres are the best. Finally, if you want to have a good rating with a low budget, documentary and war movies are the best.</p>
<p align="justify"> Concerning the production countries, Germany, Danemark, Espagne, Hong Kong, South Korea, France, and Great Britain are good opportunities. If you want to earn money and also have a good rating with a low budget, you should concentrate only on Germany, Danemark, Espagne, and South Korea.</p>
<p align="justify"> Concerning the actors' attributes, nothing comes out without the separation into old and recent movies. So, now, you should take your cast with an average age between 36 and 39 years, of a height of around 1.74m. Your cast should also have a fraction of men actors around 0.63 that have a tendency to reduce throughout the years.</p>

<p align="justify"> With the result presented in this report we suggest you to focus on documentaries for getting high ratings with low budgets. The revenue you can get is not extremely high but you can still easily earn 10 times the given budget. Another strong point for the documentary is that you are not required to select a cast because nature is outside just for you, ready to become a movie star. </p>

<p align="justify"> You have finished reading the report. You take a deep breath. You look outside the window and your eyes shine. The world is full of amazing creatures, views and diversity. You are going to produce a documentary that everyone is going to remember.</p>
